Create CSS Entry for border-radius (#572)
Codecademy/docs: content/css/concepts/borders/terms/border-radius/border-radius.md

---
Title: 'border-radius'

> Description: 'Adds rounded corners to an element.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Makes the corners of an element rounder.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:
  - 'Borders'
  - 'Box Model'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-css'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
  - 'paths/full-stack-engineer-career-path'
---

> The `border-radius` property defines rounded corners on an element. It allows separate radii for each corner and can have one to four values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `border-radius` property defines rounded corners on an element. It measures the radii for each corner and can have one to four specified values.
```

> The `border-radius` property defines rounded corners on an element. It allows separate radii for each corner and can have from one to four values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `border-radius` property defines rounded corners on an element. It allows separate radii for each corner and can have one to four values.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo

> /* Using four values */
> border-radius: <top left> <top right> <bottom right> <bottom left>;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/* Four values */
border-radius: <top-left> <top-right> <bottom-right> <bottom-left>;
```

> /* Using three values */

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/* Three values */
```

> border-radius: <top left> <top right + bottom left> <bottom right>;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
border-radius: <top-left> <top-right + bottom-left> <bottom-right>;
```

> /* Using two values */

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/* Two values */
```

> border-radius: <top left + bottom right> <top right + bottom left>;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
border-radius: <top-left + bottom-right> <top-right + bottom-left>;
```

> /* Using one value */

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/* One value */
```

> border-radius: <all>;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
border-radius: <all corners>;
```

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Both [absolute and relative units](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/css/units) can be used as values for this property.

```

## Example 1

```css

> p (

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
p {
```

  border: 1px solid blue;
  border-radius: 10px;
}
```

> Sets a 1px blue border around each paragraph with 10px rounded corners.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sets a 1-pixel blue border around each paragraph with 10-pixel rounded corners.
```

## Example 2

```css
h1 {
  border: 3px solid black;
  border-radius: 0px 25px;
}
```

> Sets a 3px solid black border around each header 1 element with 25px rounding only on the top right and bottom left.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sets a 3-pixel solid black border around each heading element with 25-pixel rounding only on the top right and bottom left.
```

## Example 3

```css
#with-background {
  background: #73ad21;
  border-radius: 25px;
}
```

> The #with-background element will have 25px rounded corners, even if no border is displayed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The element with an `id` of `with-background`, will have 25-pixel rounded corners, even if no border is displayed.
```

> The element with an `id` of `with-background`, will have 25-pixel rounded corners, even if no border is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The element with an `id` of `#with-background` will have 25-pixel rounded corners, even if no border is displayed.
```

Reviewer: Wondering if there should be a small image placed here to further demonstrate this ideal?

---
Title: 'border-radius'

> Description: 'Makes the corners of an element rounder.'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Description: 'Rounds the corners of an element.'
```
